# Test Protocol for Snapshot 2022-11-03

## Session 1

1. started without major incidents
1. ATL error present `setup.js:141 [ATL] Metadata validation failed for module "ATL": The file "/styles/ATL.css" included by module ATL does not exist`
1. launching Spelljammer as GM without any errors and with only insignificant warnings. Going straight to trying to update.
1. Update
    1. Game System is current, 2.0.3.
    1. Exit FVTT. Delete ATL by deleting folder Data/modules/ATL. TODO: Given that we have a shared instance with Cyberpunk and a third system being installed this needs to be reviewed!
    1. Delete Ping Module (v.10 has its own ping and the old one isn't working anymore anyways)
    1. Updating all Modules.
1. Review
    1. Spelljammer starts fine.
    1. Hildr attacking with Enlarge Effect still does not add the Damage. Opening [Issue](https://github.com/itteerde/fvttconfig/issues/23).
        1. Verified: works on DEV.
        1. Exporting MidiQOL settings from PROD.
        1. `foundry.js:58721 Midi-qol requires DAE to be installed and at least version 10.0.9 or many automation effects won't work` warning on PROD.
        1. Activated DAE, Enlarge Damage Roll works.
1. Undo Hacking
    1. As dnd5e System is current version one would have to uninstall. Not sure what that would to to the World, so undoing the hacks manually.
        1. Remove commenting out from line 9930 in Data/systems/dnd5e/dnd5e.mjs.
        1. Cannot find sticky death saves. PROD has a hybrid version. Trying deleting and installing System.
        1. Reinstalling dnd5e seems to have worked just fine.
        1. MidiQOL was undone through updating, fine.
1. Checking Dependencies launched CPR migration
    1. There were two errors, not sure what the state of this is.
    1. It would probably be a good idea to split at least by System.
1. Installing Tablerules Module
    1. Installing via [Manifest](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/itteerde/fvttconfig/main/modules/dnd-tablerules/module.json).
    1. Tablerules loaded without issues.
    1. Backing up Hildr for Testing.
    1. Long Rest does not restore HP, fine. Chat Card is incorrectly claiming that it would, missed that but fine. Editing Issue 
    1. Sticky Death Saves seem to work.
    1. Restoring Hildr.
    1. Game State looks fine.
1. Installing Magic Items
    1. Installing Magic Items ( [Project URL](https://gitlab.com/riccisi/foundryvtt-magic-items) ).
    1. Magic Items loaded without issues.
1. Artificer Alchemist Experimental Elixirs
    1. Put them into Rose's Folder
    1. Deleted them from the Actor Sheet
    1. Dragged and dropped two into Party Loot.
    1. Dragged and dropped two from Party Loot onto Hildr.
    1. Rolled a double-1 working just fine...
    1. Attack with Boldness works.
    1. Removing by Consume works.
    1. Adding the Spell by Transformation works.
    1. Removing by Consume wokrs (but does not end the Spell Effect which is currently fine.)
1. End of Test Session one: passed.


## Session 2

1. Set Ownership for Experimental Elixiers in Rose's Folder for Rose to Owner. Kept Hildr as second Owner to be able to adjust stuff on the fly if needed for now.
1. Guidance One D&D
    1. updated Tablerules to 0.0.4.
    1. put Guidance Macro onto Command Bar 5. No actions needed (resets on Long Rest, everything should work. Not robust against players deleting the effect [as most things FVTT are not robust against cheating or fat fingers])


## Repacking Plan

1. Update Tablerules to 0.0.5.
1. Switch Guidance Macro to Script and update the Macro.
1. Add Stress to Control Bar.


## Repacking

1. Extracted production.zip as used for Session 2
1. Open Console F12
1. Started FVTT without issues
1. Administrator Login
    1. `setup.js:145 [magicitems] The module "magicitems" contains compendium pack data which uses the deprecated "entity" field which must be migrated to "type"` is fine.
    1. Updating Tablerules without issues
1. Starting Spelljammer
    1. Login GM without issues
    1. Playlist Volume was at zero. Client side saved (cookies?). Moved it up to half. Not an issue. Curious what it will be when starting test drive session.
    1. Switched Guidance Macro to Script and pasted version from Repo.
    1. Added Stress Macro. Left Control bar at Control Bar 5. Check if that stays on test drive.
1. Checking Console, no issues.
1. Close FVTT.
1. Zip.


## Test Drive Acceptance Test 1

1. Rename Folder of current Production
1. Download production.zip current version from Google Drive.


## Switch to Production Plan

1. Rename Folder of current Production (suggest just adding "_2022_11_03")
1. Download production.zip current version from Google Drive.
1. Extract production.zip.
1. Rename newly extracted Folder (likely production inside another production by Windows default behavior) to what the Production folder name was before renaming (so if suggestion copy the still existing name minus the "_2022_11_03").
1. Start with old Shortcut.
1. Verify it is the correct version by checking Tablerules are 0.0.5.
1. Login and start the world.
1. Start CPR and have a quick look around if it looks at least somewhat plausible.
1. Issues?
1. Questions?